It worked, my body finally recovered.
Won't let you get any harm
Daughter will definitely avenge you
I'm only at the second level of cultivation now
But Lin Yan arrived at the third level first
To win
I must quickly improve my cultivation
Looks like I have to go to that place
Tomorrow I will end it all
Cut off all the Forbidden City
Dream on.
We are women
The nightmare of our presence
There are always times when it is torn apart by the morning light
I'll prove it to you tomorrow.
The sky is crushing me
I will split this day
The earth will block me
I will crush the ground
Nothing in this world can stop me
This is where the battle with the demons began
After the demon slaughter, my body dissipated
Cultivation is divided into three
Scattered in the world
Here is one of them
Put it back into the body
I can quickly upgrade
There are others here
Hmm, where did the wild girl come from?
How dare you come here
I don't know the sky and the earth